So we're nearing the end
but here's one important piece of Javascript I
also want to talk about, AJAX or as it is officially named, the XMLHttpRequest.
Now the name is a bit difficult and also a bit wrong because you can use it for transfering other data than
just XML but what this request or this object basically allows you to do is, it allows you to reach out to the
Internet, to the web and load or post data from within Javascript.
So this is for example what allows you to update a page with new tweets or new news or whatever that
you fetched in the background through Javascript and then rendered it to the view or rendered it to the page
with the methods you learned before to manipulate the DOM.
So a very important piece and you probably will oftentimes use a library or a framework to handle
this but nonetheless, it's important to learn the basics on how to use it
and I'll also give you the resources or link to a resource to learn more about it if you want to dive
really deep into it.
So let's start.